Drive to the
...the light went out.
When the officer of the 3-2 building, Kujo-Kugou, came to the room...
...he saw the president of Asaito company, Junzo Sahara, committing suicide...
...and the car of the typhoid Kawasaki.
But was the president and the typhoid suicide?
Or was there something bad that entered from the back door?
The president of Kujo-Kugou, Junzo Sahara, who was in the room...
...and the car of the typhoid Kawasaki, were lying on the sofa.
You must be tired.
Yes.
Let's go somewhere tomorrow.
You don't want to?
No, I don't.
But I have a favor to ask you.
Please listen to me.
Kanetaro, wait.
Wait, wait.
Tamai, who was sleeping downstairs...
...I'm going to check on him.
Sahara went downstairs to check on the stairs.
Tamai, the elevator boy, was sleeping.
He was sleeping better.
Sahara was lying on the sofa, and he was lying on the floor.
He was lying on the floor, and he was lying on the floor.
He went back to the 7th floor by elevator.
Isako, wait.
It's okay.
No matter how much I play with you, you won't get in my way.
Let me go.
What are you doing?
Listen to my wish.
How much is the money?
1,000 yen.
1,000 yen?
Don't say such a big thing.
1,000 yen is big.
You're doing such a secret business, and you're making 1,000 yen.
Don't be stingy.
I can give you that much money.
You're doing it to someone else.
I don't care.
No, you can't.
I have an idea.
I'll go ahead.
Where are you going?
I don't care.
I'll make you a toy.
What are you going to do with that gun?
You're lying to me.
Let me go.
If you're going to kill me, I'll die myself.
What are you doing?
Wait.
No.
I cut the switch.
And...
He committed suicide.
That's what the chief detective thought.
But the culprit appeared unexpectedly.
I'm sorry.